feedback/eb 20211105.md, before:

# Overal  Feeback Edzo Botjes - 20211105 on Introduction
1. make clear if a statement is done by you (I ...), somebody else (citation/reference) or generic knowledge (plato/wikipedia etc)
1. Information in a figure should be communicated to the reader in the text. 

# Detailed Feeback Edzo Botjes - 20211105 on Introduction

## Introduction 1.0

>> The Greek philosopher Heraclitus once said that one constant since the beginning of time is change. 
However, the fear of change is also a constant.  
His central claim is summed up in the phrase Panta Rhei ("life is flux"), recognising life's essential, underlying essence as change. <<
Bonus points for adding footnote reference to plato.stanford or wikipedia on this "generic" knowledge.

>> Nothing in life is permanent, nor can it be, because the very nature of existence is change. <<
Please add source (for example that Heraclitus states this or western philosophy or ... some second law of physics or ... 
and then why it applies to this context) since this is a dogma statement for the rest of this thesis.


>> Since times immemorial, <<
What does this word mean?

>> humans have liked routine, making us feel in control of our lives. <<
Please add source. I can imange this, but I did not know this causaul relation.

>>When that fear of change <<
"That fear" is in-consistent to the statement "have liked". Please make the reasonign consistent.

>>our ability to control it becomes a phobia<<
Rephrase this. Our ability to control "it"? Control what?
From "like routine" towards "feel in control" "of our lives" towards "fear of change" towards "to control it becomes fobia",
does not read as a logical sequence.

>>, particularly Metathesiophobia. <<
perhaps replace "particularly" with "for example "

>>A Metathesiophobe feels they have no control over their lives due to constant change. <<
Great place to add a footnote with link to wikipedia, or some medical resource. Maybe even promote it to a reference to a medical resource.

>>Metathesiophobes tend to live in the past and are unwilling to progress, often leading to depression, seriously impacting their professional and personal lives. <<
Here a medical resource citation is madatory.


>>If a society or country rejects the change, <<
reconsider using "the" and rephrase.

>>there is no growth and no progress.<<
bold statement. A fungi did not evolve (change) but does grow (change) and might be the largest organism in the world.
What is change and what is growth? This statement is to bold to write down without context and reasoning.

>> The inability to change, progress, or grow can result in stagnation. <<
This statement is true in my opinion. Since the reasoning to get to this conclusion is not provided, please add reference.


>> Stagnation rejects realising ones full potential.<<
This is a subjective personal statement. There are philosophies in live and organisms that might disagree with this.
Make clear why it matters, what the context is and who the source is.

>>Stagnation is not a healthy flowing river; it is an idle and stale pond. <<
I love this! but .. it is poetry, and therefor nice as image, or as quote.. not as statement.
You can add context that a way to visualize the added value of change is by stating that " ....."
In this way you can use this sentence, but that you need to argument the change and value relationshop.


>> A world that is continuously in flux is a Volatile, Uncertain, Complex and Ambiguous world.<<
says who? (1) add citation for the origin of the VUCA terms in this order and meaning (2) make certain the source
is also addressing flux. 

>> According to \textcite{Bennett2014} the world of \acrshort{vuca} requires a new approach.<<
New is limited in time. this is stronger (and better) when stated which approach trumps which other approach according to Bennett2014

>>Disintermediation<<
I don't know this word. tip: add short definition as footnote for people like me.

>>all combine to produce an effect<<
rephrase (en nok)


>>arduous<<
I don't know this word. tip: add short definition as footnote for people like me.

>>\textcite{Taleb2008} his definition of a black swan (see later in this chapter) is similar. <<
(1) rephrase (en nok) (2) try not to point forward. Or remove this statement, since it does not add value, or use a sentence to explain what a black swan is and why it is relevent to introduce now.

>>To deal with the \acrshort{vuca} world, companies invested a great deal of time and money in becoming less \gls{fragile} by being more \gls{robust} and \gls{resilient}. <<
(1) momey: Says who? (2) reason spending money: says who? (3): relation between dealing with vuca and by being more robust/resilient: says who?

You can introduce somewhere the defintion of robust and resilient incl citation. When you found the source of money spending with the mentioned goal, this resource also defined resilience/robust in this context.

>> However, \textcite{Taleb2012} claims that by being more \gls{robust}, or \gls{resilient}, the company can only withstand the change but does not gain from it. <<
this sentence can be improved by OK for now.

>> \textcite{Taleb2012} defines the <<
"defines, the"

>>black swan events<<
2nd time usage of black swan and no def yet

>>\textcite{Taleb2012} states that \gls{resilient}, \gls{robust} (and company) are states that neither breaks nor improves.<<
(1)Does Taleb states that Robust and Resilient doe not break? Do you have a page number for me?
In the end all can break
(2) "(and company)" -> what does this mean?

>>\textcite{Taleb2012} claims that \gls{antifragile} is the state that gains and improves.<<
(1) state or behaviour? or something else? (page number taleb might help)
(2) gains and improves from what/ by what ? 

>>\Gls{antifragile} is the true opposite of \gls{fragile}.<<
"True " :) I think we can let it stay in the text, but not common term to use. Since it implies many things.


>>In this thesis, I define the \acrfull{ea} success factors for contribution to become \gls{antifragile}.<<
"for contribution to" : is this the right phrasing?
"to become" : for who or what to become? context is not yet complete enough to make this summary statement.

## Introduction 1.1 - The author
>>I am working as a Chief Architect <<
(1) I am working can be improved by rephrasing towards that you have the role of, or responsiblity as CA to ...
(2) Why is the role relevant? make it stick! :)

>> I am responsible for the architecture function in this company.<<
does this include software architecture of the various solutions? (for example)
The reader does not know what the context is and why this matters. It helps to provide examples, or link to 
EA work that described the breath and depth of the architecture function, the CA role etc.


## Introduction 1.2 - The structure of this thesis
>>In \cref{ch:introduction}, the context of the research is set,<<
"the" -> "this"


>>The Chapter states the problem statement, the research questions, and the substantiation of the relevance of the research. <<
I think a \ref is missing, and "Chapter" is in small caps "chapter".


>>In \cref{ch:theoreticalbackground}, the background on the concepts is given.<<
please ellaborate a little bit more on "the concepts". for example conceptes used to ... in ...

>>The lens of the public sector is defined.<<
The used or lens applied. use a few more words on describing the intention.

>>\cref{ch:eaafsuccessfactors} describes the found success factors.<<
make certain we highlight "found" to check later if it is the right word.


>>Implementation guidelines from an \acrshort{ea} perspective operationalise the found success factors.<<
Not a sentence?  rephrase.

>>Delphi method<<
(1) is it the right place to introduce and name the method?
(2) capital or non-capital ?


## Introduction 1.3 - Introduction of the public sector
>> According to \textcite{PrivacySense2016} the public sector<<
(1) According to is also implied by adding a reference at the end of sentence
(2) is this applicable to public sectors in NL, BE, EU, the world?

>>Similar to the non-profit sector, organisations in the public sector do not seek to generate a profit.<<
Assumption is that this statement is also by privacysence, is that a correct assumption?

>>I use the local government as my lens for the research. The regional and national governments are part of the environment (\cref{sec:introea}).<<
"I limit my research to the level of the local government and approach the regional and national governments as the environment to my research" or something similar

## Introduction 1.4 - Introduction of the concept Enterprise Architecture

>>Enterprise architecture management is the continuous practice of describing and updating the EA to understand the complexity and manage change.<<
Says who? 

>>Architects use an \gls{archframework} for describing \acrshort{ea}. <<
some do, some don't.. rephrase.

>> Most of the frameworks use a layered approach for specific viewpoints on a system. The most used layers are business, information, applications, and technology. <<
(1) "the frameworks" -> "the EA frameworks"
(2) says who? Add reference incl pagenumber 
btw you are right, but we need to be precise who says what. If that is you then we need to add proof and reasoning.


## Introduction 1.5 - Introduction of the concept of antifragility
>>is so rare that even the possibility that it might occur is unknown,<<
Are you certain that the rarity is the definition? Do you have a page number I can update my own defintion?
I thought the def is that it is outside of the (language) domain and outside of the domain of the model, 
and therefor when it occurs has a catastrofic effect on the model or the system that is controlled by the model.

>>3) is explained in hindsight as if it were actually predictable.<<
(1) Are you certain this is part of the defintion of the black swan? 
(2) and are you certain that taleb adds this beaviour of people to the occurance of a black swan?

>> For extremely rare events, \citeauthor{Taleb2008} <<
Was this mentioned in 2008 (black swan) or was this part of the mathematical paper?

>>Extrapolating, using statistics based on observations of past events is not helpful for predicting black swans and might even make us more vulnerable to them.<<
See previous comments. Think that the reasoning in the sentense is not correct, but the main gist is.
Extrapolating observations is not a good thing to do

>>Most people answer that the opposite of \gls{fragile} is \gls{robust}, \gls{resilient}, solid, or something of the sort. <<
Not certain if this statement (without ref) is ok in a thesis. need to check with HM.

>> However, the \gls{resilient}, \gls{robust} (and company) are items that neither break nor improve,<<
rephrase.. Something went wrong here :)


>> Its contents would not just be unbreakable but would benefit from shocks and a wide array of trauma <<
I reckognize this from the book. But in this text the reasoning from survive a black swan towards benefit from a wide array of trauma is not yet communicated to the reader.

>>Figure 1.1.<<
There is no ref in text to this figure, or is the information in the figure communicated to the reader



## Introduction 1.6 - Problem statement

>>Kastner<<
This is your problem statement. best is to introduce Kastner in the introduction (use it once),
and then use it here. This is the first time and therefor triggers.

>> \cref{introea}<<
delivers an error in your PDF.

>>one would expect that an organisation uses \acrshort{ea} to get more towards the state of \gls{antifragility}.<<
Make this more explicit. What are you thinking and seeing that you want to communicate to the reader?

>>The already conducted research had its focus on the layers of application and information but not on \acrshort{ea}.<<
"The .. research" ? by whom, on what.. be explicit.


>>The problem is that the \acrlong{bok} contains no direct knowledge on how to achieve \gls{antifragility} with the use of \acrshort{ea}. <<
(1) Body of knowledge -> the EA body of knowledge ?
(2) does not contain direct knowledge -> says who?
(3) Does it not contain knowledge on how to achieve AF, or how to achieve AF with EA

## Introduction 1.7 - The research subject
>>enabling alignment between<<
Did I miss the statement on enabling alignment between ... ? if so, sorry, otherwise add this statement incl reference to the previous section on EA.

>>\acrshort{ea} can help organisations in changing towards the state of \gls{antifragility}.<<
can assist, can play a role.. to consider, but this is also good. :)


>>what are the success factors of \acrshort{ea} that contribute to accomplishing \gls{antifragility}? <<
"to accomplishing antifragility of the organisation" -> yes?
OR "to accomplishing antifragility of the systems within scope"
OR "to accomplishing antifragility of the social-technical systems within scope"
OR .....
Antifragility is a behaviour

## Introduction 1.8 - Research Relevance
>>\acrshort{ea} has contributed to being more \gls{robust}, \gls{resilient}, and \gls{agile}.<<
add reference.

>>Studies conducted on \acrshort{ea} with the concept of \gls{antifragile} are almost non-existence.<<
make explicit.. says who?

>> The conducted studies are primarily about making IT Systems \gls{antifragile}. <<
make explicit.. says who?

>>while the latter used mostly resilience as its lens.<<
Are you certain? I used martin-breen from kastner, and Martin-breen defines CAS resilience as part of resilience.
That is (I think) also the reason Kastner is focussing on the reconfiguration and learning in the organisation to be AF.

>>There is still no answer to how \acrshort{ea} can contribute to becoming \gls{antifragile}. <<
make explicit.. says who?

>>fig 1.3<<
See remarks at fig 1.1

>>Because of the \gls{digitaltransformation}, the pace of change is increasing rapidly.  <<
(1) Says who?
(2) pace of change for who?

>> There are a lot of internal and external stressors.<<
says who, why, what ?

>> The public sector invested a lot in being less fragile by becoming more robust and resilient.<<
(1) global, local ? make explicit and proof!
what is a lot, how much, is it related to this topic? 

>>By being more robust or resilient, you can only withstand the change or the stressor, but you do not gain from it. Governmental agencies in the public sector are searching for methods of dealing with this increased pace and the stressors. The relevance of this research is not only about the addition to the \acrshort{bok} but also to share the outcome with the public sector.<<
Rephrase this after processing the other feedback and later in time. No priority. But need to be re-written

Commit message:

Update RB on 211105.md
First little remarks  ;)  Problem I have with some comments are that some things (in public sector) are self-evident if you are in that sector. 

Example:
Yes governments are (generic) split into three layers. As far as I know people have not done research on it. Its just the way it is ;) It is not on me to do this research. But the distributions and the laws can differ per country. But this is also self-evident (not researched as far as I know). Example we (NL) had that strange split in our police (regional, Central and local) that you do not see everywhere.  Regional is gone btw.. that is removed 20 years ago so we have now central and local. But in other countries they do it differently. But still there is a Central, Regional and Local distinction. The distribution is regulated by law and policies created by parliament and can change every moment (stressor on our public sector).

Summary some things are just the way they are ;) (and I and Hans agreed that I would stay away as far as possible on the Public Administration research. It is only a context.

feedback/eb 20211105.md, after:

# Overal  Feeback Edzo Botjes - 20211105 on Introduction
1. make clear if a statement is done by you (I ...), somebody else (citation/reference) or generic knowledge (plato/wikipedia etc)
1. Information in a figure should be communicated to the reader in the text. 

# Detailed Feeback Edzo Botjes - 20211105 on Introduction

## Introduction 1.0

>> The Greek philosopher Heraclitus once said that one constant since the beginning of time is change. 
However, the fear of change is also a constant.  
His central claim is summed up in the phrase Panta Rhei ("life is flux"), recognising life's essential, underlying essence as change. <<
Bonus points for adding footnote reference to plato.stanford or wikipedia on this "generic" knowledge.

__Bonus earned__

>> Nothing in life is permanent, nor can it be, because the very nature of existence is change. <<
Please add source (for example that Heraclitus states this or western philosophy or ... some second law of physics or ... 
and then why it applies to this context) since this is a dogma statement for the rest of this thesis.

__I ended the paragraph with two references after the .dot. the whole story (with some minor adjustments) are a consolidation of those two references__

>> Since times immemorial, <<
What does this word mean?

__Reaching beyond the limits of memory, tradition, or recorded history__
__Added to the Glossary__ 
__Going to move the Glossary and Acronyms to the front (after the ToC)__

>> humans have liked routine, making us feel in control of our lives. <<
Please add source. I can imange this, but I did not know this causaul relation.

>>When that fear of change <<
"That fear" is in-consistent to the statement "have liked". Please make the reasonign consistent.

>>our ability to control it becomes a phobia<<
Rephrase this. Our ability to control "it"? Control what?
From "like routine" towards "feel in control" "of our lives" towards "fear of change" towards "to control it becomes fobia",
does not read as a logical sequence.

>>, particularly Metathesiophobia. <<
perhaps replace "particularly" with "for example "

>>A Metathesiophobe feels they have no control over their lives due to constant change. <<
Great place to add a footnote with link to wikipedia, or some medical resource. Maybe even promote it to a reference to a medical resource.

>>Metathesiophobes tend to live in the past and are unwilling to progress, often leading to depression, seriously impacting their professional and personal lives. <<
Here a medical resource citation is madatory.


>>If a society or country rejects the change, <<
reconsider using "the" and rephrase.

>>there is no growth and no progress.<<
bold statement. A fungi did not evolve (change) but does grow (change) and might be the largest organism in the world.
What is change and what is growth? This statement is to bold to write down without context and reasoning.

>> The inability to change, progress, or grow can result in stagnation. <<
This statement is true in my opinion. Since the reasoning to get to this conclusion is not provided, please add reference.


>> Stagnation rejects realising ones full potential.<<
This is a subjective personal statement. There are philosophies in live and organisms that might disagree with this.
Make clear why it matters, what the context is and who the source is.

>>Stagnation is not a healthy flowing river; it is an idle and stale pond. <<
I love this! but .. it is poetry, and therefor nice as image, or as quote.. not as statement.
You can add context that a way to visualize the added value of change is by stating that " ....."
In this way you can use this sentence, but that you need to argument the change and value relationshop.

__less is more.. is going away__


>> A world that is continuously in flux is a Volatile, Uncertain, Complex and Ambiguous world.<<
says who? (1) add citation for the origin of the VUCA terms in this order and meaning (2) make certain the source
is also addressing flux. 

>> According to \textcite{Bennett2014} the world of \acrshort{vuca} requires a new approach.<<
New is limited in time. this is stronger (and better) when stated which approach trumps which other approach according to Bennett2014

>>Disintermediation<<
I don't know this word. tip: add short definition as footnote for people like me.

__Disintermediation is the process of cutting out one or more middlemen from a transaction, supply chain, or decision-making process__
__Added to the glossary__

>>all combine to produce an effect<<
rephrase (en nok)


>>arduous<<
I don't know this word. tip: add short definition as footnote for people like me.

__Have it hard with this.. I do not like to repeat webster dictionary or something in the thesis ;). These are 'normal' and are part of a quote. When I use it as a quote I cannot change it. When I have to change it I have to paraphrase it. But then it does not read that fluently anymore. All are tradeoffs__

>>\textcite{Taleb2008} his definition of a black swan (see later in this chapter) is similar. <<
(1) rephrase (en nok) (2) try not to point forward. Or remove this statement, since it does not add value, or use a sentence to explain what a black swan is and why it is relevent to introduce now.

>>To deal with the \acrshort{vuca} world, companies invested a great deal of time and money in becoming less \gls{fragile} by being more \gls{robust} and \gls{resilient}. <<
(1) momey: Says who? (2) reason spending money: says who? (3): relation between dealing with vuca and by being more robust/resilient: says who?

You can introduce somewhere the defintion of robust and resilient incl citation. When you found the source of money spending with the mentioned goal, this resource also defined resilience/robust in this context.

__the real thing about robust, resilient and company are getting their place in chapter 2.__

>> However, \textcite{Taleb2012} claims that by being more \gls{robust}, or \gls{resilient}, the company can only withstand the change but does not gain from it. <<
this sentence can be improved by OK for now.

>> \textcite{Taleb2012} defines the <<
"defines, the"

>>black swan events<<
2nd time usage of black swan and no def yet

>>\textcite{Taleb2012} states that \gls{resilient}, \gls{robust} (and company) are states that neither breaks nor improves.<<
(1)Does Taleb states that Robust and Resilient doe not break? Do you have a page number for me?
In the end all can break
(2) "(and company)" -> what does this mean?

__And things that are alike__

>>\textcite{Taleb2012} claims that \gls{antifragile} is the state that gains and improves.<<
(1) state or behaviour? or something else? (page number taleb might help)
(2) gains and improves from what/ by what ? 

>>\Gls{antifragile} is the true opposite of \gls{fragile}.<<
"True " :) I think we can let it stay in the text, but not common term to use. Since it implies many things.


>>In this thesis, I define the \acrfull{ea} success factors for contribution to become \gls{antifragile}.<<
"for contribution to" : is this the right phrasing?
"to become" : for who or what to become? context is not yet complete enough to make this summary statement.

## Introduction 1.1 - The author
>>I am working as a Chief Architect <<
(1) I am working can be improved by rephrasing towards that you have the role of, or responsiblity as CA to ...
(2) Why is the role relevant? make it stick! :)

>> I am responsible for the architecture function in this company.<<
does this include software architecture of the various solutions? (for example)
The reader does not know what the context is and why this matters. It helps to provide examples, or link to 
EA work that described the breath and depth of the architecture function, the CA role etc.


## Introduction 1.2 - The structure of this thesis
>>In \cref{ch:introduction}, the context of the research is set,<<
"the" -> "this"

__this context of the research is set? What is this? the context of the research is the context! When I change this grammarly gives me a huge warning__


>>The Chapter states the problem statement, the research questions, and the substantiation of the relevance of the research. <<
I think a \ref is missing, and "Chapter" is in small caps "chapter".


>>In \cref{ch:theoreticalbackground}, the background on the concepts is given.<<
please ellaborate a little bit more on "the concepts". for example conceptes used to ... in ...

>>The lens of the public sector is defined.<<
The used or lens applied. use a few more words on describing the intention.

>>\cref{ch:eaafsuccessfactors} describes the found success factors.<<
make certain we highlight "found" to check later if it is the right word.


>>Implementation guidelines from an \acrshort{ea} perspective operationalise the found success factors.<<
Not a sentence?  rephrase.

>>Delphi method<<
(1) is it the right place to introduce and name the method?
(2) capital or non-capital ?


## Introduction 1.3 - Introduction of the public sector
>> According to \textcite{PrivacySense2016} the public sector<<
(1) According to is also implied by adding a reference at the end of sentence
(2) is this applicable to public sectors in NL, BE, EU, the world?

__it is a generic finding. the only thing that is different is that agencies are placed on different levels. Even van der Wal (prof Leiden) does not explain it anymore.. it should be common knowledge when you are in the sector__

>>Similar to the non-profit sector, organisations in the public sector do not seek to generate a profit.<<
Assumption is that this statement is also by privacysence, is that a correct assumption? 

__yes__

>>I use the local government as my lens for the research. The regional and national governments are part of the environment (\cref{sec:introea}).<<
"I limit my research to the level of the local government and approach the regional and national governments as the environment to my research" or something similar

## Introduction 1.4 - Introduction of the concept Enterprise Architecture

>>Enterprise architecture management is the continuous practice of describing and updating the EA to understand the complexity and manage change.<<
Says who? 

>>Architects use an \gls{archframework} for describing \acrshort{ea}. <<
some do, some don't.. rephrase.

>> Most of the frameworks use a layered approach for specific viewpoints on a system. The most used layers are business, information, applications, and technology. <<
(1) "the frameworks" -> "the EA frameworks"
(2) says who? Add reference incl pagenumber 
btw you are right, but we need to be precise who says what. If that is you then we need to add proof and reasoning.


## Introduction 1.5 - Introduction of the concept of antifragility
>>is so rare that even the possibility that it might occur is unknown,<<
Are you certain that the rarity is the definition? Do you have a page number I can update my own defintion?
I thought the def is that it is outside of the (language) domain and outside of the domain of the model, 
and therefor when it occurs has a catastrofic effect on the model or the system that is controlled by the model.

>>3) is explained in hindsight as if it were actually predictable.<<
(1) Are you certain this is part of the defintion of the black swan? 
(2) and are you certain that taleb adds this beaviour of people to the occurance of a black swan?

>> For extremely rare events, \citeauthor{Taleb2008} <<
Was this mentioned in 2008 (black swan) or was this part of the mathematical paper?

>>Extrapolating, using statistics based on observations of past events is not helpful for predicting black swans and might even make us more vulnerable to them.<<
See previous comments. Think that the reasoning in the sentense is not correct, but the main gist is.
Extrapolating observations is not a good thing to do

>>Most people answer that the opposite of \gls{fragile} is \gls{robust}, \gls{resilient}, solid, or something of the sort. <<
Not certain if this statement (without ref) is ok in a thesis. need to check with HM.

>> However, the \gls{resilient}, \gls{robust} (and company) are items that neither break nor improve,<<
rephrase.. Something went wrong here :)


>> Its contents would not just be unbreakable but would benefit from shocks and a wide array of trauma <<
I reckognize this from the book. But in this text the reasoning from survive a black swan towards benefit from a wide array of trauma is not yet communicated to the reader.

>>Figure 1.1.<<
There is no ref in text to this figure, or is the information in the figure communicated to the reader



## Introduction 1.6 - Problem statement

>>Kastner<<
This is your problem statement. best is to introduce Kastner in the introduction (use it once),
and then use it here. This is the first time and therefor triggers.

>> \cref{introea}<<
delivers an error in your PDF.

>>one would expect that an organisation uses \acrshort{ea} to get more towards the state of \gls{antifragility}.<<
Make this more explicit. What are you thinking and seeing that you want to communicate to the reader?

>>The already conducted research had its focus on the layers of application and information but not on \acrshort{ea}.<<
"The .. research" ? by whom, on what.. be explicit.


>>The problem is that the \acrlong{bok} contains no direct knowledge on how to achieve \gls{antifragility} with the use of \acrshort{ea}. <<
(1) Body of knowledge -> the EA body of knowledge ?
(2) does not contain direct knowledge -> says who?
(3) Does it not contain knowledge on how to achieve AF, or how to achieve AF with EA

## Introduction 1.7 - The research subject
>>enabling alignment between<<
Did I miss the statement on enabling alignment between ... ? if so, sorry, otherwise add this statement incl reference to the previous section on EA.

>>\acrshort{ea} can help organisations in changing towards the state of \gls{antifragility}.<<
can assist, can play a role.. to consider, but this is also good. :)


>>what are the success factors of \acrshort{ea} that contribute to accomplishing \gls{antifragility}? <<
"to accomplishing antifragility of the organisation" -> yes?
OR "to accomplishing antifragility of the systems within scope"
OR "to accomplishing antifragility of the social-technical systems within scope"
OR .....
Antifragility is a behaviour

## Introduction 1.8 - Research Relevance
>>\acrshort{ea} has contributed to being more \gls{robust}, \gls{resilient}, and \gls{agile}.<<
add reference.

>>Studies conducted on \acrshort{ea} with the concept of \gls{antifragile} are almost non-existence.<<
make explicit.. says who?

>> The conducted studies are primarily about making IT Systems \gls{antifragile}. <<
make explicit.. says who?

>>while the latter used mostly resilience as its lens.<<
Are you certain? I used martin-breen from kastner, and Martin-breen defines CAS resilience as part of resilience.
That is (I think) also the reason Kastner is focussing on the reconfiguration and learning in the organisation to be AF.

>>There is still no answer to how \acrshort{ea} can contribute to becoming \gls{antifragile}. <<
make explicit.. says who?

>>fig 1.3<<
See remarks at fig 1.1

>>Because of the \gls{digitaltransformation}, the pace of change is increasing rapidly.  <<
(1) Says who?
(2) pace of change for who?

>> There are a lot of internal and external stressors.<<
says who, why, what ?

>> The public sector invested a lot in being less fragile by becoming more robust and resilient.<<
(1) global, local ? make explicit and proof!
what is a lot, how much, is it related to this topic? 

>>By being more robust or resilient, you can only withstand the change or the stressor, but you do not gain from it. Governmental agencies in the public sector are searching for methods of dealing with this increased pace and the stressors. The relevance of this research is not only about the addition to the \acrshort{bok} but also to share the outcome with the public sector.<<
Rephrase this after processing the other feedback and later in time. No priority. But need to be re-written
